The first consortium of Rongdu, the review of the new traitors of the Shen family
Future heir to Xingyao Group
I heard that as long as there is extortion
You can have no worries about food and clothing for a lifetime
Who did you hear from?
I was just outside with the kidnappers
Then why were you kidnapped?
Because my dad owes them money
Hey, what are you doing?
Everyone outside said it
As long as I rescue you, the bonus is 100 million
I've never seen so much money in my life
The right time, the right place and the right person
I'll take this bonus
Crazy and found out I was screwed
It's too late.
Remember that Su You saved you
I'll take this bonus. You love money, I have money.
Isn't our cooperation seamless?
But deliberation
What did you give me?
It's not tens of millions, it's not hundreds of millions.
It was hundreds of billions.
Cheers to our first time
Feed leaflet
Come home, grandpa's condition is serious again.
What!
Chongqing and Xingyao Group are now in a special period
What should I do if my grandfather can't wake up?
How is grandpa?
From mid-afternoon nap to now
I can't wake up no matter what I call
Strange look, everything is normal
How is it, grandpa, it's okay, it's just that